Update chaos-studio-limitations.md (#110493)
Azure/azure-content: articles/chaos-studio/chaos-studio-limitations.md

## Limitations

* The target resources must be in [one of the regions supported by the Azure Chaos Studio Preview](https://azure.microsoft.com/global-infrastructure/services/?products=chaos-studio).

> * Azure Chaos Studio tracked resources (e.g. Experiments) currently do NOT support Resource move. Experiments can be easily copied (by copying Experiment JSON) for use in other subscriptions, resource groups, or regions (experiments can also already target resources across regions). Extension resources (Targets and Capabilities) do support Resource Move. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Azure Chaos Studio tracked resources (for example, Experiments) currently do NOT support Resource Move. Experiments can be easily copied (by copying Experiment JSON) for use in other subscriptions, resource groups, or regions. Experiments can also already target resources across regions. Extension resources (Targets and Capabilities) do support Resource Move. 
```
Minor edits for style
